Update README for Ros2 (#17) (#18)
ros2/teleop_twist_joy: README.md

> ros2/teleop_twist_joy [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ros-teleop/teleop_twist_joy.svg?branch=indigo-devel)](https://travis-ci.org/ros-teleop/teleop_twist_joy)

Reviewer: The link to the travis job here is wrong.  I think we should just remove the link completely, since we don't use travis on this repository at all.

================

# Overview
The purpose of this package is to provide a generic facility for tele-operating Twist-based ROS2 robots with a standard joystick. 
It converts joy messages to velocity commands.

This node provides no rate limiting or autorepeat functionality. It is expected that you take advantage of the features built into [joy](https://index.ros.org/p/joy/github-ros-drivers-joystick_drivers/#foxy) for this.

## Executables

> The package comes with a node, `teleop_node`, which may be used out of the box, this republishes sensor_msgs/Joy messages as scaled geometry_msgs/Twist messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package comes with the `teleop_node` that republishes `sensor_msgs/msg/Joy` messages as scaled `geometry_msgs/msg/Twist` messages.
```

## Subscribed Topics

> - `joy (sensor_msgs/Joy)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `joy (sensor_msgs/msg/Joy)`
```

  - Joystick messages to be translated to velocity commands.

## Published Topics

> - `cmd_vel (geometry_msgs/Twist)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cmd_vel (geometry_msgs/msg/Twist)`
```

  - Command velocity messages arising from Joystick commands.

## Parameters
- `axis_angular (int, default: 0)`
  - Joystick axis to use for angular movement control.
  
- `axis_linear (int, default: 1)`
  - Joystick axis to use for linear movement control.
  
- `enable_button (int, default: 0)`
  - Joystick button to enable regular-speed movement.
  
- `enable_turbo_button (int, default: -1)`
  - Joystick button to enable high-speed movement (disabled when -1).
  
- `scale_angular (double, default: 1.0)`
  - Scale to apply to joystick angular axis.
  
- `scale_angluar_turbo (double, default: 1.0)`

>     - Scale to apply to joystick angular axis for high-speed movement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Scale to apply to joystick angular axis for high-speed movement.
```

    
- `scale_linear (double, default: 0.5)`
  - Scale to apply to joystick linear axis for regular-speed movement.
  
- `scale_linear_turbo (double, default: 1.0)`
  - Scale to apply to joystick linear axis for high-speed movement.

# Usage

## Install

> For most users building from source will not be required, execute `apt-get install ros-foxy-teleop-twist-joy` to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most users building from source will not be required, execute `apt-get install ros-<rosdistro>-teleop-twist-joy` to install.
```

## Run
A launch file has been provided which has three arguments which can be changed in the terminal or via your own launch file.
To configure the node to match your joystick a config file can be used. 

> There are several common ones provided in this package (atk3, ps3-holonomic, ps3, xbox, xd3), located here: `/opt/ros/foxy/share/teleop_twist_joy/config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several common ones provided in this package (atk3, ps3-holonomic, ps3, xbox, xd3), located here: https://github.com/ros2/teleop_twist_joy/tree/eloquent/config.
```

PS3 is default, to run for another config (e.g. xbox) use this:
````
ros2 launch teleop_twist_joy teleop-launch.py joy_config:='xbox'
````

> __Note:__ this launch file also lanuches the `joy` node so do not do this separately and edit the launch file if you need different parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note:__ this launch file also launches the `joy` node so do not run it separately.
```

## Arguments
- `joy_config (string, default: 'ps3')`
  - Config file to use

> - `joy_dev (string, default: 'dev/input/js0)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `joy_dev (string, default: 'dev/input/js0')`
```

  - Joystick device to use

> - `config_filepath (string, default: '/opt/ros/foxy/share/teleop_twist_joy/config/' + LaunchConfig('joy_config') + '.config.yaml')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config_filepath (string, default: '/opt/ros/<rosdistro>/share/teleop_twist_joy/config/' + LaunchConfig('joy_config') + '.config.yaml')`
```
